a power steering revolution has been
sweeping the utility ATV and
side-by-side markets and kawasaki has
been slow to join as consumer interest
climbs EPS has become the new must-have
factory option big powerful and heavy
the 2012 kawasaki brute force is exactly
the type of machine that benefits most
from this popular technology it will be
offered at kawasaki dealers across the
nation with or without the new steering
aid kawasaki went through its flagship
sport utility ATV with a fine-tooth comb
and made improvements across the entire
machine the brute force 750 uses a
muscular v-twin engine that cranks out
enough torque for hard working jobs and
enough high revving spirit for
recreational use the engine features
cylinder heads that are tuned for more
compression with revised camshaft
profiles and timing to map electrical
output is boosted with the 33 point 5
amp alternator to power the EPS new
lights and any accessories the exhaust
pipes are updated as well the CVT
transmission has a thicker belt and
alter high range gearing to give users
longer ride time and less maintenance
the Brutes
double cradle steel chassis is
reinforced for added durability as well
single rate springs are used on the
suspension and the front end gets
rearranged for a slightly different
geometry this glancing around shows a
much sharper looking package
six post cast aluminum wheels are
blacked out in our favorite styling hue
the bodywork is revised graphics updated
new colorways and beefed up racks are
powder coated and have long-overdue tie
down anchors on the trail this machine
is even more impressive than ever with
easier steering and better control when
the going gets rough the power steering
doesn't job so well it's difficult to
tell when it's working the brute force
is a big machine and its movements of
considerable weight even still the ride
is pretty sporty when desired and it's
equally happy track Turing along in a
more comfortable pace with selectable
four-wheel drive a massive v-twin and
tough exterior the host of upgrades for
2012 make the brute force 750 a great
atv
you